added variables to allow for point-in-time recovery for dynamodb table (#152)
common-fate/terraform-aws-common-fate-deployment: .changeset/large-chicken-turn.md

---

> "@common-fate/terraform-aws-common-fate-deployment": patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"@common-fate/terraform-aws-common-fate-deployment": minor
```

---

> Adds variables which allow for pitr backups for dynamodb

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds variables which allow for point-in-time restore for DynamoDB
```
